mgt: SPFx section to get started (#8884)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/get-started.md

```html
<mgt-person [personDetails]="person" show-name></mgt-person>
```

> ### Sharepoint

Reviewer: Move this as a subsection of the `polyfills` section above

Author: moved:
42cf746

> To render custom components in Sharepoint, specific polyfills must be included in order to maintain cross-broswer compatibility. The following process describes the necessary steps to install the toolkit into this enviornment: 

Reviewer: Update intro to specify IE11:

```suggestion
If you plan to support IE11 in your SPFx webparts, the following process describes the necessary steps to ensure cross-browser compatibility: 
```

Author: this was too hard for me to write eloquently for some reason... Thanks for cleaning that up: 

42cf746

1. Install the following packages:
```cmd
npm install -D babel-loader @babel/core @babel/preset-env webpack
npm install -D @webcomponents/webcomponentsjs regenerator-runtime core-js
npm install @microsoft/mgt
```

2. Insert the following config in your gulpfile.js just above your build.initialze(gulp);
```ts
build.configureWebpack.mergeConfig({
  additionalConfiguration: (generatedConfiguration) => {
    generatedConfiguration.module.rules.push(
      {
        test: /\.m?js$/, use:
        {
          loader: "babel-loader",
          options:
          {
            presets: [["@babel/preset-env",
              {
                targets: {
                  "ie": "11"
                }
              }]]
          }
        }
      }
    );

    return generatedConfiguration;
  }
});
```

3. In your *WebPart.ts file, import the following polyfills before import of the providers
```ts
import 'regenerator-runtime/runtime';
import 'core-js/es/number';
import 'core-js/es/math';
import 'core-js/es/string';
import 'core-js/es/date';
import 'core-js/es/array';
import 'core-js/es/regexp';
import '@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-bundle.js';

> ```

Reviewer: Link to the SharePoint provider docs and link back to this section from the SharePoint provider docs

Author: updated links:
42cf746
